My name is Nicholas Brody,
and I'm a sergeant in the
United States Marine Corps.
I have a wife and two kids...
who I love.
By the time you watch this,
you'll have read
a lot of things about me,
about what I've done.
That's why I wanted
to explain myself,
so that you'll know the truth.
People will say I was broken.
I was brainwashed.
People will say that I was
turned into a terrorist,
taught to hate my country.
I love my country.
What I am is a Marine,
like my father before me
and his father before him.
And as a Marine,
I swore an oath
to defend
the United States of America
against enemies
both foreign and domestic.
Saul?
[sighs]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Saul] The welcoming committee.
-This can't be good.
-It's not.
This about my outburst
at the Security Council?
It's not.
It's about Jalal Haqqani.
Apparently, he was
nowhere near that farmhouse.
The coordinates
the ISI provided were bogus.
-No shit.
-The President
is furious, Saul.
-Does he know I was involved?
-I didn't know
you were involved.
-That's so you can
plausibly deny it.
-[scoffs]
Give us a minute.
I'm afraid Hayes is past
the finger-pointing stage.
What do you mean?
He's been on the phone
with the Prime Minister.
Gave Pakistan 48 hours
to stand down
their battlefield nukes...
or we take them out.
-Take them out?
-Take them out.
We're already flying
round-the-clock sorties
over their positions
along the border.
What did
the Prime Minister say?
Not much. Listened, mostly.
Well, I guarantee
he's talking now...
to his top military advisors.
One thing they're talking about
is delegating launch authority
to lower-level commanders
in the field.
Christ.
You get me on
the President's schedule
this morning.
Alone.
I can try.
Tell him the chess he's playing
is about to get
three dimensional.
-How so?
-Russia's gonna jump in.
Come, I'll tell you what I know
on the way.
[Tasneem on TV] Good morning.
Three days ago, at 4:52 a.m.,
Pakistan Standard Time,
radar installations
in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
detected aircraft
identified as American
F-16 Falcons
violating our airspace
and directly threatening
defensive positions
inside our country.
And just last night,
as diplomats all over the world
worked to ease tensions,
President Hayes placed
a private call
to Prime Minister Kayani
during which he delivered
an ultimatum.
Withdraw your
mobile missile launchers
or see them destroyed
on the ground.
Hear us loud and clear.
Today,
the United States of America
left us no choice
but to arm
our tactical nuclear weapons.
Our hope is still for peace.
But our response
to war will be swift...
and terrible.
-[camera shutters clicking]
-[reporters clamoring]
[sighs]
[turns off TV]
-[clamoring]
-I'm sorry. No more questions.
Thank you.
[both speaking Russian]
Director Mirov?
-Anna. What is it?
-The press conference.
You wanted a report
as soon as it was over.
[gasps]
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...
I thought...
-It's okay, Anna.
-I'll come back later.
Come in.
Now tell me what Ms.
Qureishi said.
It's as you thought,
Pakistan is not backing down.
In fact, the opposite.
They've made their warheads
operational.
That's good news.
Very good.
We're on the verge of a great
victory for the Russian people.
I'm glad to hear it, Director.
It's also good for us.
-Us?
-Us.
The entire team.
I will most certainly
be promoted.
In fact, it's not inconceivable
that one day
you'll be interpreting for
the President of the Federation
himself.
No one deserves
it more than you.
[in English] Wait.
[speaking Russian]
She's alone.
[in English] This way.
Thank you, Valeri.
Valeri is hand-picked.
Yevgeny wanted you to have
the best for your operation.
Can we just
get on with it, please?
Red is reactant,
clear is catalyst.
Red goes in first,
clear second.
The resulting compound,
Kolokol-1, behaves a lot
like ketamine.
The same K-1 used
by your security forces
during the Moscow theater
hostage crisis?
That was aerosolized.
This is in its gel form,
meant to be absorbed
through the skin.
Here or here.
And obviously, use the glove.
How soon does it start working?
Almost instantly,
inducing the loss
of motor skills
but not consciousness.
-Will he be able to speak?
-Some.
But the drug
does wear off quickly,
so you wanna signal
the kill team
as soon after it takes effect
as possible.
And they'll be where?
Down the street.
John.
The President's asked me
to take this meeting.
Where is he?
Busy. You can imagine.
Well, I'll come back, then.
What's the matter?
You afraid to talk to me alone?
No.
What, then?
[chuckling] What's the point
of arguing with someone
when you're past the point
of changing his mind?
That goes both ways, Saul.
Maybe, but you're the only one
willfully ignoring
the facts on the ground.
-Your facts.
-The facts.
I told you Pakistan
wouldn't lie down.
How many different ways
you think you're gonna find
to call me dumb?
I wasn't.
But playing chicken
with the lives
of 20,000 American soldiers
is worse than dumb. It's...
It's unconscionable.
And round and round we go.
The Russians
have the flight recorder, John.
What flight recorder?
From President Warner's
helicopter.
Aren't you at all curious
what it says?
Who shot down that Black Hawk?
Who?
Nobody.
-What do you mean, nobody?
-It was a bad turbine blade.
An accident.
Yeah.
You have the recording
with you? I'd like to
listen to it myself.
I told you,
the Russians have it.
But you've heard it, right?
With your own ears?
You're missing the point, John.
I'm not expecting you
or the President
to take my word for it.
The point is, the Russians
aren't giving it back
for a reason.
And it's not just
for the entertainment value
of watching us
trip over our dicks.
-What, then?
-I don't know.
But we damn well
better find out.
You know...
I always heard
you were a man of principle.
Now I'm starting to think
you're just making shit up.
-I'm not.
-Prove it.
I can't.
Not in 48 hours, anyway.
For the love of God, John.
Don't be the schmuck
who takes us to war
for the second time in 20 years
under false pretenses.
All wars must be sold, Saul.
And for the record,
I still think overthrowing
Saddam was the right call.
[Saul] Fell on deaf ears.
Zabel hears
what he wants to hear,
sees what he wants to see.
-And where was the President?
-Nowhere to be found.
Unbelievable. What a shitshow.
-David, do me a favor.
-Sure.
Very quietly...
I want you to reach out
to Berkle at The Post,
Carolyn Walker at The Times.
Set up a breakfast for tomorrow
somewhere outside the Beltway.
Is that a good idea? Wh...
what are you gonna tell them?
Everything.
Let me know when it's set.
Maggie.
I was just leaving you a note.
Seems I don't have
your number anymore.
-Everything all right?
-It's fine. It's just...
Well, a colleague of Bill's
swore he saw Carrie
at Langley yesterday.
-Is that even possible?
-I don't see why not.
-She's back from Germany?
-Has been. For a few days.
[scoffs]
-And you haven't
heard from her.
-Not a word.
Neither has Franny,
after almost a year away.
[sighs]
Well, that's strange.
Tell me about it.
What on earth
is going on with her?
[sighs]
[dramatic music playing]
[car alarm chirps]
[classical music playing]
Jesus, Saul.
Wanna tell me
what the fuck is going on?
[music stops]
Starting with why you haven't
checked in on Franny
since you've been back.
Saul, I'm going to.
Of course I am.
I've been busy.
Too busy to see
your own daughter?
I was waiting
until the weekend.
Bullshit.
It's cause you don't wanna
say goodbye to her
all over again.
Truth is, you're not planning
on staying in the country
very long, are you?
Which begs the question...
Why come back at all?
I came back
to try and stop a war.
Stop a war? How do you plan
to do that, stop a war?
Any way I can.
Wouldn't have anything to do
with Yevgeny Gromov, would it?
Answer me, God damn it.
Well, I think you know already.
I wanna hear you say it.
Look, I made a deal
with him, okay?
The flight recorder in exchange
for your asset in Moscow.
I told you,
there is no such person.
He doesn't exist.
-She.
-What?
She.
It's a woman,
and she does exist.
She taught
at a KGB language school
in East Berlin.
Andrei Kuznetsov
was one of her students.
This, this is how
she passes you
her intelligence.
Please, God...
Tell me you haven't.
What if I have?
Then you've permanently
crippled our intelligence
capability in Russia.
-I'm not exaggerating.
-[sighs wearily]
She's the only significant
live source we have left there.
The rest were sent to the wall
by Allison Carr.
So we rebuild the network.
It would take a decade or more,
and in the meantime we're blind
to a mortal enemy
who's slowly but surely
strangling our democracy.
Saul, let's worry about
the Russians tomorrow.
Today we've got
four Marine battalions
one hair trigger away
from complete annihilation.
You're still not
getting it, Carrie.
Pakistan's a regional problem
at worst.
A regional problem?
No, you tell me that
after the bombs go off.
We're not out of options.
I'm talking to
Berkle and Walker
in the morning.
-That's your plan? The press.
-Mmm.
A flying fuck of a difference
that's gonna make.
-It might.
-It won't.
Then we try something else.
Or it's too late.
[sighs]
Sometimes, that's the cost
of doing business.
Did you...
Did you really just say that?
What do you want from me?
I am doing everything I can.
No, you are not.
Give me her name.
I won't do that ever.
Now, you go upstairs,
you pack your things
and you get out of my house.
You're turning
yourself in tonight.
[breathing heavily]
Red is reactant.
Clear is catalyst.
[exhales]
Shit.
Carrie.
What are you doing?
-Nothing, I'm just...
-What is this?
[groans]
What did you do?
[breathing heavily]
[continues breathing heavily]
[intense music playing]
Saul, can you hear me?
Say something
if you can hear me.
[mumbles]
Good.
Now listen,
a GRU team is on the way.
They'll be here any second.
At that point,
it's out of my hands.
Do you understand?
Saul, do you understand?
[mumbling] Yes.
So tell me now,
and I will call them off.
No.
I'll find out
who she is either way.
I will.
I know you, Saul.
If she's as valuable
as you say,
you'll have put
a mechanism in place,
a hand-over to someone
in the event of your death.
You look me in the eye,
and you tell me
that someone isn't me.
[sighs]
Come on. Come on, Saul.
Please, just see reason.
No one person is worth
the lives of tens of thousands.
Hundreds of thousands.
She is.
No.
You... you can't
possibly believe that.
-[footsteps approaching]
-[sighs]
They're here, Saul.
Only you can stop this now.
Please, please.
Take him.
[man speaking Russian]
[suspenseful music playing]
[zipper unzipping]
[continues in Russian]
[in English] Ready.
Okay, Saul.
This is it.
Everything you have
ever asked of me I have done.
And now I'm asking you.
Just let me off the hook here.
Do not make me do this.
[breath trembling]
I am begging you.
Come here.
Go fuck yourself.
[sniffles]
[man] What now?
[sighs]
The fallback, as we discussed.
Tell Charlotte
I'm on my way to the airfield.
I had to try.
[cell phone ringing]
I'm 30 minutes late
for a meeting.
It's Wellington.
I was just about to tell
your friend here
you should let me answer that.
They'll come looking for me.
Sooner than later.
You've reached Saul Berenson.
Leave a message.
Where the hell are you?
I got Berkle and Walker
waiting here,
and they're getting restless.
Call me when you get this.
Dorit, my name
is Carrie Mathison.
I work with your brother.
I know who you are.
Of course I know.
I... I wasn't sure.
Something's happened to Saul.
Maybe we should talk inside.
Just tell me, is he dead?
[sighs]
I didn't want you to hear
over the phone.
I wanted you to hear from me.
He had a stroke, yesterday.
He managed to call 911,
but by the time
the EMTs got there...
I'm sorry.
Where is he?
They're keeping him
at GW Hospital
until arrangements can be made.
Look, it's... it's a lot
to take in, I know.
[sighs and clears throat]
But I assumed
you want him buried
as soon as possible,
so I took the liberty
of arranging a flight for you.
It's in three hours.
The cab will take you
to the airport.
I... I need to
pack some things.
Of course.
Here, I... I can help you.
Thank you.
Have you told Mira?
I called her in Mumbai.
Her mother's not well.
I said I'd let her know
once you'd made arrangements.
Dorit... [sighs]
Saul said he gave you something
to hold for me,
for safekeeping,
in case anything ever happened.
You're just like him.
Always an ulterior motive.
He was here three years ago.
Did you know that?
No.
He wanted to work things out
between us, he said.
But that wasn't
the real reason.
[scoffs]
He had some operation
he was running with the Arabs.
He used me as cover.
Before that, we hadn't seen
each other for 12 years.
Here I am, so caught up
in my own grief that I haven't
expressed my sympathy.
You lost him, too.
[sighs]
I should probably get going.
I don't mean to pressure you,
but I need to know if you have
what Saul left for me or...
Oh.
I almost forgot. Of course.
[sighs]
Are you all right? You seem...
[sighs] Just relieved.
I'm just so glad
you actually had this.
It'd been a while since Saul
had said anything about it,
and it's...
it's critical I get it
to our station in London.
You're not going back
to Washington?
I'll... I'll get there
a few hours behind you.
-In time for Saul's service.
-Yes.
Someone from the agency
is coming for me.
Would it be possible for me
to stay here until then?
Of course.
Just, uh, pull
the front door closed.
It locks itself.
Not that we need any security
inside the fence.
[both speaking Russian]
What are you doing?
He's right.
They'll come for him soon.
I'm buying us some time.
Get Charlotte on the phone.
[in English]
So, is he gonna show or what?
It's his meeting.
He'll be here.
[cell phone dings]
Excuse me.
Yeah, Jake, it's me.
Saul knew the meeting
this morning
was in Alexandria, right?
Then why'd he just text me
that he's on his way in?
Yeah.
Put me through
to Captain Waters at DCPD.
Something's not right.
Thanks.
Here, let me take these.
I'll put them in the backseat.
Thank you.
[beeps]
You probably won't be hungry,
but you should try
to eat something on the plane.
[sighs]
[Dorit sniffles]
[man speaking Russian]
If you're sure.
Okay.
No problem.
Mathison just reached out.
Yevgeny will have the name
in fifteen minutes.
What does that mean?
We can leave.
Charlotte said that?
[suspenseful music playing]
[in English]
Put down your weapon.
I have no weapon.
That's what we agreed.
Hands on the wall.
-Really?
-Hands on the wall.
All right.
You have the name?
I do.
You gonna give it to me?
As long as your side turns over
the flight recorder
within 30 minutes.
That was the deal.
We will.
-You know her?
-Know her?
She's the lead interpreter
at the GRU.
-I'm gonna need confirmation
this is real.
-She's real.
She's a name
on a piece of paper.
In there.
Go ahead. I've already seen it.
Carrie, if you're
watching this,
it means you've had a visit
from my sister.
For all our disagreements
over the years,
I've always trusted Dorit
to respect my wishes.
Because in the end,
who we trust in this life
is all that matters.
Anyway, here we are.
There are two reasons
I've never told you
what I'm about to.
First, to protect you.
Second, to protect
what has been, next to ours,
my most significant
professional relationship.
Anna Pomerantseva
is an off-book agent
I've been running since 1986.
But "running"
is a generous description
for my role in the matter.
The fact is,
Anna's been running herself.
Spying for the past 20 years
from the very heart of Moscow,
risking everything
for us every day.
All the while,
sending intelligence
of the highest value
from the highest levels
of the state apparatus.
[cell phone dings]
[exhales]
Anechka?
[indistinct radio chatter]
-[Scott] Saul.
-Tell me you're at the UN.
Where the hell have you been?
Wellington's been
calling around everywhere.
Just tell me
you're still at the UN.
Yeah, I'm waiting
for whatever it is
Mirov's about to say,
and they won't
release a transcript,
-so we all--
-Listen. Just listen.
The interpreter
for the Russian delegation,
Anna Pomerantseva,
you need to find her now.
-Why?
-She's an asset of ours,
and she's burned.
[indistinct chatter]
-I see her.
-Good.
Get her safe. Call me back.
Excuse me.
Don't look at me, Anna.
Just listen.
-Who are you?
-Saul sent me.
-I have no idea who you are--
-Saul Berenson.
You've been compromised.
I have to get you out of here.
Anna, please.
We don't have much time.
Saul will explain everything
once you're safe.
I'll leave first. Follow me.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Go, go, go, go, go!
[grunts]
[panting]
[speaking Russian]
[exhales]
[in English]
There is no way out.
-What's your name?
-Scott Ryan.
Mr. Ryan, before they come
through that door,
you need to give me your gun.
No, you're not gonna
shoot your way out of this.
I don't intend
to shoot my way out,
and I can't let them take me.
I won't let them.
You can petition for sanctuary
as a political refugee.
I am a spy, not a refugee.
You're on American soil.
It makes no difference,
not to them.
So unless you are willing
to kill me yourself...
give me your gun.
-I can't do that.
-Please.
I can't do that.
Then let me talk to Saul.
[breath trembling]
[line ringing]
[cell phone ringing]
-Tell me you have her.
-[Anna] It's me.
My God.
We are in a room
in the basement, trapped.
-[thudding]
-[man shouting]
What was that?
The GRU.
They are right outside.
Tell me exactly where you are.
I'll send help.
There is no time,
and Mr. Ryan won't give me
his gun so I can end this
on my own terms.
-Anna...
-It's all right, Saul.
I only wish I could have seen
the mission through to the end.
No. Don't say that.
You're the best.
I've never known
anyone so brave.
[shouting continues]
They're coming now.
Please, talk to Mr. Ryan.
Saul?
Unless you've got some
ace up your sleeve...
give her the gun.
Give her the fucking gun.
[straining]
[gunshot]
-[Scott grunting]
-[men shouting]
[sobbing]
Thank you for being here
on such short notice.
On behalf
of the Russian Federation,
I'm here today
to present evidence
that Jalal Haqqani had nothing
to do with the death
of President Warner
and President Daoud.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is
the flight recorder
from their helicopter.
Recovered in the field
by officers of the GRU
and authenticated
over the past 24 hours
by aviation experts in Moscow.
What I'm about to play
for you now is the unedited
cockpit recording
of the last two minutes
of that flight.
[pilot] Eight miles
out of Steedley.
[co-pilot] Altitude, two-zero.
Airspeed, 160 knots.
[pilot]
Heading zero-three-zero.
[co-pilot]
Low cloud cover coming in.
[pilot] Let's keep
an eye on it.
Turn it off. I've heard enough.
[Yevgeny sighs]
You okay?
The game's over.
You can cut the bullshit.
-I was just--
-Why don't you just go?
-You got everything you wanted.
-What I wanted?
Yeah, Russia looking
like a sure thing
for the Nobel Prize
and a woman, a decent woman,
on her way to the dungeon
at Lubyanka.
Decent?
I lost two agents in Cyprus
because of her.
Rendered and tortured to death.
Fine, upstanding men, I'm sure.
-Carrie.
-What?
I'm sorry. Okay, if you wanna
blame me, go ahead--
No, I do blame you.
Do not say it was a game
because it's not.
I did what I had to do.
Cost of doing business.
What?
You sound like Saul.
He should have pulled Anna
from the field
the moment he realized
what you were up to.
-You don't understand anything.
-I understand.
I understand
that it was difficult for him.
Of course it was.
Saul loved me. He trusted me.
That's why he didn't pull her,
and that's gone now.
That's lost.
Do you see that?
Do you... do you even know
what that means?
You'll survive.
And so will he.
I don't know what it's like
on your side,
but it must be very...
very lonely.
[breathing heavily]
[children playing in distance]
[sobs]
The evidence is clear
and unambiguous.
No one shot down
that Black Hawk.
There was no conspiracy
or sabotage
or pilot malfeasance.
It was simply an accident.
An awful, tragic accident.
So please, Mr. President,
stand down your troops.
Turn your planes around.
There's no more cause for war.
[camera shutters clicking]
[clears throat]
David, get me CENTCOM.
Yes, sir.
General Owens?
Hold for the President.
[Yevgeny] Carrie?
Anna Pomerantseva is dead.
Killed herself
rather than surrender.
Saul managed
to warn her somehow.
So Israeli counterintelligence
must know, too.
-Ramallah?
-Ramallah.
I have people there
who can smuggle you into Syria.
[jazz music playing]
[Yevgeny] You almost ready?
Car's here.
I'll be down in a minute.
-You excited?
-Very.
Close your eyes.
Go on. Close your eyes.
What's this for?
[exhales]
Finishing.
It's beautiful. Thank you.
You've done a very,
very important thing, Carrie.
[sighs]
Let's go celebrate.
Wow.
I just need my purse.
Mom's silver.
It's yours.
-Are you sure?
-I certainly
won't be needing it.
Saul, I wish
you would reconsider.
Come back to Gush Etzion.
Let your family
take care of you
instead of strangers.
I don't need taking care of.
You can have the bedroom
right off the garden
-on the ground floor--
-Stop badgering me.
-I'm not moving to Israel.
How many times--
-[phone ringing]
-Shit.
-What?
I forgot to disconnect
the landline.
Put that on the list.
I'll get it.
[Saul sighs]
Here you go.
Easy does it.
[grunts]
[Saul exhales heavily]
Here. Give me that.
-Who was that?
-Ah, wrong number.
Some guy looking
for a professor Rabinow.
-Rabinow?
-Yeah.
He kept insisting
that he had the right number,
and I kept telling him
there's nobody here
by that name.
[jazz music playing]
[cheering]
Thank you.
Ryan Porter on trombone.
Brandon Coleman on keys.
Pops, Rickey Washington
on soprano saxophone.
Patrice Quinn on vocals.
Dwight Trible on vocals.
Tony Austin on drums,
Miles Mosley on bass.
Ronald Bruner Jr. on drums.
My name is Kamasi Washington.
[crowd cheering and whooping]
[buzzing]
-Professor.
-Hello, Claude.
I just tried you an hour ago.
-Some strange woman answered.
-[chuckling] My sister.
Well, I've been
a little worried.
Rachel and I read
about the heart attack,
and we hadn't heard from you
in such a long time.
I'm much better. Thank you.
Well, it's good
to have you back, Professor.
You can stop with
the cloak and dagger, Claude.
It's all over now.
You sure about that?
-When did this arrive?
-This morning.
Impossible.
[music continues playing]
[softly] I'll be right back.
Saul, what is it?
Are you all right?
Give me a minute.
Will you, please?
[breath quavering]
[sighs]
[Carrie] Greetings
from Moscow, Professor.
The Russian S-400 missile
defense system sold to Iran
and Turkey has a backdoor.
It can be defeated.
Specs to follow.
Stay tuned.
[jazz music playing]
[singer vocalizing]
[music increases in tempo]
[music continues playing]